Add enableTracing option (#801)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/sdk/performance/index.mdx

This section describes the options SDKs should expose to configure tracing and performance monitoring.

> Tracing is enabled by setting any of three SDK config options, `enablePerformance`, `tracesSampleRate` and `tracesSampler`. If not set, both default to `undefined`, making tracing opt-in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tracing is enabled by setting any of three SDK config options, `enablePerformance`, `tracesSampleRate` and `tracesSampler`. If not set, these options default to `undefined`, making tracing opt-in.
```

Reviewer: Also wanted to mention that not all languages support `undefined` as a fallback (like Go).

> Tracing is enabled by setting any of three SDK config options, `enableTracing`, `tracesSampleRate` and `tracesSampler`. If not set, these options default to `undefined`, making tracing opt-in.

Reviewer 2: IMO this line is going to add to the confusion. I get what we're trying to say, you can now just set `enableTracing=True` but it reads more confusing that that. 

What if we re-worded it to something like

```suggestion
Tracing is enabled by setting `enableTracing` to True. Once Tracing is enabled you can fine-tune which transactions are set by either`tracesSampleRate` or `tracesSampler`. If not set, these options default to `undefined`, making tracing opt-in.
```

Reviewer: We need to make it BC.

Author: > We need to make it BC.
BC?

@silent1mezzo with this wording it would be interpreted as a breaking change (ah just understood BC XD). we do not want users to be required to set `enableTracing`, Setting any of the 2 existing options implies `true` and ensures all existing config should continue to work.

Reviewer 3: The existing copy makes clear that either way is fine, the proposed one suggests that you need to first set `enableTracing`. I'd stick with the existing copy.

### `enableTracing`

> This option shall replace the need to configure a `traceSampleRate` for many users. Sample rates shall be set at a default which is practical to the specific platform. Users may use the other options should their use case need it. The standard should be to set the default sample rate at 100%, and only working back if there are inherent concerns for that platform. Users should be able to send most if not all of their data and rely on Sentry server side processing of their data.

Reviewer 4: Should the default of 100% (if `enableTracing=true`) (also) be mentioned further down under `tracesSampleRate`?

Reviewer 5: I think the default should be "what makes sense". I would not try to commit to it setting a specific thing as otherwise people start depending on this. Ideally we eventually push down the right rates to the clients.

Reviewer 2: This should align with how we explain `tracesSampleRate` or `tracesSampler`. Explain the options (true or false) and explain what it does (turns traces/performance on). Talking about sample rate should happen under `tracesSamplerRate` or `tracesSampler`

Author: If i understand you well I would agree, I will update this not to be worded as a replacement of another option but simply an option which turns of tracing & performace SDK functionalities with a default sample rate suitable  to the respective platform
